[Outlook] (tutorial) unified manifest amendments to the tutorial (#4340)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/tutorials/outlook-tutorial.md

1. [!include[Yeoman generator create project guidance](../includes/yo-office-command-guidance.md)]

# [Unified manifest for Microsoft 365](#tab/jsonmanifest)

- **Choose a project type** - `Outlook Add-in with unified Microsoft 365 Manifest`

- **Choose a script type** - `JavaScript`

- **What do you want to name your add-in?** - `Git the gist`

  ![The prompts and answers for the Yeoman generator with unified manifest and JavaScript options chosen.](../images/yo-office-outlook-json-manifest-javascript.png)

# [XML Manifest](#tab/xmlmanifest)

- **Choose a project type** - `Office Add-in Task Pane project`

- **Choose a script type** - `JavaScript`

- **What do you want to name your add-in?** - `Git the gist`

- **Which Office client application would you like to support?** - `Outlook`

![The prompts and answers for the Yeoman generator in a command line interface.](../images/yeoman-prompts-2.png)

---

After you complete the wizard, the generator creates the project and installs supporting Node components.

[!include[Node.js version 20 warning](../includes/node-20-warning-note.md)]

> [!include[Yeoman generator next steps](../includes/yo-office-next-steps.md)]

Reviewer: Indent to fix numbered list format.

- **Insert default gist**: a button that invokes a function

> The procedure depends on which manifest you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The procedure depends on which manifest you're using.
```

# [Unified manifest for Microsoft 365](#tab/jsonmanifest)

Take the following steps:

1. Open the **manifest.json** file.

> 1. In the "extensions.runtimes" array, there are two runtime objects. For the second one, with the "id" of "CommandsRuntime", change the "actions.id" to "insertDefaultGist". This is the name of a function that you create in a later step. When you are done the runtime object should look like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the "extensions.runtimes" array, there are two runtime objects. For the second one, with the "id" of "CommandsRuntime", change the "actions.id" to "insertDefaultGist". This is the name of a function that you create in a later step. When you're done, the runtime object should look like the following:
```

    ```json
    {
        "id": "CommandsRuntime",
        "type": "general",
        "code": {
            "page": "https://localhost:3000/commands.html",
            "script": "https://localhost:3000/commands.js"
        },
        "lifetime": "short",
        "actions": [
            {
                "id": "insertDefaultGist",
                "type": "executeFunction",
                "displayName": "action"
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

> 1. Change the item in the "extensions.ribbons.contexts" array to "mailCompose". This means the the buttons will appear only in a new message or reply window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the item in the "extensions.ribbons.contexts" array to "mailCompose". This means the buttons will appear only in a new message or reply window.
```

    ```json
    "contexts": [
        "mailCompose"
    ],
    ```

> 1. Change the "extensions.ribbons.tabs.groups" array has a group object in it. Make the following changes to this object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The "extensions.ribbons.tabs.groups" array has a group object in it. Make the following changes to this object.
```

    1. Change the "id" property to "msgComposeCmdGroup".
    1. Change the "label" property to "Git the gist".

> 1. That same group object has a "controls" array with two control objects. We need to make changes to the JSON for each of them. In the first one, take these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. That same group object has a "controls" array with two control objects. We need to make changes to the JSON for each of them. In the first one, take these steps.
```

    1. Change the "id" to "msgComposeInsertGist".
    1. Change the "label" to "Insert gist".
    1. Change the "supertip.title" to "Insert gist".
    1. Change the "supertip.description" to "Displays a list of your gists and allows you to insert their contents into the current message."

> 1. In the second control object, take these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the second control object, take these steps.
```

    1. Change the "id" to "msgComposeInsertDefaultGist".
    1. Change the "label" to "Insert default gist".
    1. Change the "supertip.title" to "Insert default gist".
    1. Change the "supertip.description" to "Inserts the content of the gist you mark as default into the current message."
    1. Change the "actionId" to "insertDefaultGist". This matches the "action.id" of the "CommandsRuntime" that you set in an earlier step.

>     When you are done, the "ribbons" property should look like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you're done, the "ribbons" property should look like the following:
```
